is up YouTube the I just got some news
fairies there's a spare a cup from
sperry top-sider I got it from the
sperry site and got them for a good
price for about seventy dollars and
they're really nice shoes and I was do a
quick unboxing for you guys so here you
can see it says sperry top-sider all
over the box the original box it's not
really different I'm really special for
any other two unless you're getting like
a million dollar sperry or someplace
special edition one but usually the same
thing as a description right there size
eight and about the size if you have
like skinny or basically normal sized
fee and you wear about a nine or nine
and a half in normal or other shoes I
would go and we're probably a size eight
these berries usually all sprayers are
the same so I would usually get in 84
all sperry's if you wear a size 9 but if
you have a little wider feet or a little
more fat feet you can just wear like
your original size for here what's going
on boxes yeah whatever wrapping paper
special smell with special was just
picking scared son and there you got
these beauties they look kind of like
good moccasins they look I'm poking
finger look kind of like moccasins and
they had that good boat to design really
really nice matches with everything the
colorway light blue on the bottom with
white brown and light brown all over
with white touchings on them and white
laces with like a really really dull
blue but it's the same for every sperry
so usually I usually every Sperry unless
you can a special color or something and
hold on let me take that shoe tree out
shake it out here
okay that's very top by top-sider on the
inside all blue nightlight nice light
blue design at design color sorry the
light is very dull here I'm just kidding
this son there you go sit on the inside
this really really really soft padding
really comfortable to wear without socks
or with socks either way is fine and now
on the front you got some nice little
weave design looks like moccasins as I
said before the front with a nice top
sider logo on the side it just has that
beautiful leather that leather that old
good leather look and usually people say
that when sperrys after a few months
they even look they look even better
because that old leather look really
brings out the true value of sperrys if
the letters bottom sperry top-sider
art exciting and sat on Oh actually
there's there's the size and I guess the
serial number leather clothes it's made
in China and on the front flap as a it's
Lisa's out of the way I'll try to sperry
top-sider places you can lace up however
you want I guess try not to look a
little funky but put those later on
clicking here in here okay right here as
you can see hold on there you go this is
top sider something something I've no
idea what it said but it just makes it
look cool I guess on the sides that boat
shoe design lace is weaving in and out
and on the back they have a crown that's
why it's called the cup edition they
don't sell this anymore so they
basically becoming limited edition now
not really actually but they're just
getting sold out trying to sell the rest
God for a good price might as well keep
it or might as well get it better than
most babies I've seen that's looks
pretty little on the inside too same
design on the other part of the shoe and
yeah it's pretty much it well on the
bottom this little blue lining looks
really nice the white bottom kind of
brings out the class you look of the
shoe the shoe I think you can wear I've
seen people worried I'm on like google
images I've seen pictured people wear
them like with khakis casually dress
clothes when you were just up wedding
whatever it's not stupid over with
matches with whatever your taste is I
guess so yeah these are the sperry Cup
editions
blue Sahara and blue colorway I like
them a lot and I'm not just saying that
because I'm making a video not even
lying I'll let them a lot and yeah
that's the show have a good day love you
guys